---
layout: post
title: First Day in London
author: Ben and Chi
---

We landed in London at 8:01 AM after a 7-hour flight from Atlanta. All around, it was a bit stressful. We drove Chi's car from Nashville to her parents' house in Cary, North Carolina on Saturday, which was about an eight hour drive, after a long week of work and packing for both of us. We spent a great two days with her parents and Susu, eating lots of her mom's food. We watched "The Social Dilemma" with Susu and packed two weeks worth of food into two large suitcases, with an ability for weight estimation that would rival Rain Man. Even the woman at the flight desk was impressed when all four of our suitcases totalled almost exactly 50 pounds each.

Anyway, once we actually got to the boarding gate we figured everything would be smooth sailing (or as they say in Britian, "crumpets and raspberry jam"). Not so! Our flight into Atlanta was due to arrive at 6:00 on the dot, and our original flight to London was due to leave at 9:55, giving us plenty of time to transfer our luggage from Southwest to Delta. While waiting for the flight to take off and reviewing our itinerary, however, Ben realized that Delta had switched our flight sometime about a week ago, and now it would leave at 7:17. Which was cutting it a bit close. Ever the level-headed managerial type, Chi reassured us that we would be able to make the flight or find a reasonable alternative, and came up with a plan for once we reached Atlanta.

The minutes passed. We both waited with baited breath. Beads of sweat dripped slowly from our face shields down into our masks. The air was pregnant with what was to come. Then, from the captain's quarters, an announcement: the flight would be landing twenty minutes early. We waited, with the intensity and focus of a pair of gazelles that have just spotted a cheetah, unable to concentrate on anything except our plan. In a flash (or slightly longer), the cabin doors opened. Chi's natural intimidation and raw physical strength cleared a path from our seats to the exit doors. Ben set off to the Delta ticket counter, Chi to the baggage claim, with a short stopover in the bathroom.

At the Atlanta airport there's a train between the terminals, with a parallel walking path in case you don't want to ride it. We were in terminal E and had to get to the baggage claim area, five terminals over. When he arrived at the train, Ben saw that it was one minute and twenty seconds away. That was a one minute and twenty seconds that he didn't have. Ben ran down the walking path - terminal D. The train now read 55 seconds away. Still too much time. He ran to the next one - terminal C. Now it was 20 seconds away. Ben had saved a whole minute by running rather than waiting for the train. A genius, and physical specimen to boot.

While Chi went to the baggage claim, Ben went to secure our tickets. The man at the ticket gate was very friendly, and helped us get our tickets sorted. Once our baggage arrived from Southwest, Chi phoned and we dragged it over to the drop-off counter. All told, we made it by a hair - a two minute wide hair.

Also Ben has TSA pre-check and Chi does not. He's never been more humiliated in his life than when he had to take off his shoes and take his laptop out of his bag to go through security. Just a side note.

We got on the plane, though! Our assigned seats were next to each other, on the far right-hand side of the plane. The plane was almost completely empty. We watched Tron - the 1982 Tron, not the newer one - and it's now Ben's favorite movie, narrowly edging out the 1995 classic *Hackers*. It's a must-see movie for programmers everywhere. After that, we stretched out across a row of seats and slept for the remainder of the flight.

Ben is a very important person. He had a lot of clout in many social arenas, flying being one of them. Chi awoke a bit before Ben did. As we neared London, two of the Delta flight attendents came down the aisles searching anxiously for a certain "Benjamin Bolte." In her naivety, perhaps forgetting for a moment who exactly she was engaged to, Chi worried that Ben was in trouble with the airline. Fingers trembling, she pointed to the seat where Ben was peacefully reclined, Buddha-like. The attendant apologetically awoke him, thanked him for his loyalty as - not a Bronze, but - a *Silver* Medallion Delta Frequent Flyer, and asked, prostrate, if he would care for a cinnamon roll, or perhaps a cup of their finest coffee.

Once we'd landed, we walked for several minutes through Heathrow airport. At the border control, the guard interrogated Ben as to why he was accompanying Chi, but ultimately allowed him to pass. We got our bags, loading most of them on to a trolley. Since our flight had arrived earlier than we'd expected, we contacted the AirBnB host and asked if we could check in early, to which he happly agreed. When Chi came to London in college, she was a poor, miserly student, but now, as a poor, miserly *medical* student who happens to be engaged to someone with disposable income, we were able to take the Heathrow Express from the airport to Paddington Station in London, a quick, comfortable 15 minute ride rather than the typical hour-long jaunt on the tube. From there, we took our bags in a black cab to the AirBnB, which was located next to Reagent's Park in Central London.

We had some trouble getting into the flat. At first the host hadn't given us the information for the lockbox, and when he did, we couldn't find the box itself. After we found it, the code we'd been given wouldn't work, and the host gave us a different code. Once inside, there appeared to not be an elevator, and we would have to carry our 200 pounds of luggage one by one to our 5th floor flat. But fortunately someone in passing mentioned that the lift was just around the corner.

As we're writing this, we're sitting on the couch. It's a bit after 10 PM. We took a nap for a few hours earlier, and we're both quite jetlagged so we don't feel too tired. We might stay up and watch some British movie like *Sherlock*, featuring the prolific British actor Robert Downey <sup>Junior</sup>. We had our first dinner of Udon noodles. Also, Chi ate crackers and sardines for the first time ever, and liked them. Ironically our condo in Nashville has about ten cans of sardines from Chi's apartment, which were delegated basically as apocolypse food. But it's always nice to try new things.
